Filter by vulnerability allow-list (#251)
actions/dependency-review-action: README.md

**Inline example**: `deny-licenses: LGPL-2.0, BSD-2-Clause`

**YAML example**:

```yaml
deny-licenses:
  - LGPL-2.0
  - BSD-2-Clause
```

### allow-ghsas

> Add a custom list of GHSA ids you do not want the action to block on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a custom list of GitHub Advisory IDs that can be skipped during detection. 
```

Reviewer: Tiny nit: the Action does not block anything, it just reports a failure. Enforced checks (repo admin feature I think) is what blocks the actual PR.
